The 8th Workshop on Runtime, Operating Systems and Middleware for Emerging
Systems (ROME) will be held as a special track of the 35th GI/ITG
International Conference on Architecture of Computing Systems (ARCS) in
Heilbronn, Germany on September 13 - 15, 2022.

https://wrome.github.io/heilbronn2022/

Authors from all related disciplines are invited to submit unpublished papers
of their work on software research regarding operating systems and runtime
environments in the domain of high-performance and parallel computing. The
topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

* New approaches for operating systems on novel (heterogeneous) architectures
* Lightweight/specialized operating systems, unikernels and hypervisors
* Virtualization techniques (e. g. containers) for HPC
* Management, deployment of virtualized environments and orchestration
* System software for enabling parallelism at an extreme scale
* Message-passing interfaces and middleware for extreme scale computing
* Heterogeneity-, modularity- and/or hierarchy-aware middleware for HPC
* Software stacks for new concepts of compute acceleration by GPUs, FPGAs and
  many-core architecture
* Middleware for performance and power analysis on massive parallel systems
* Runtime support and kernel extensions for power-aware HPC
* System noise analysis and prevention for massive parallel systems

Paper Submission, Paper Style, and Proceedings

The workshop will be held as special track within the main conference ARCS and
the papers will be published as part of the ARCS proceedings. Authors are
invited to submit original, unpublished research papers via EasyChair. ROME
2022 uses a double-blind reviewing system. Manuscripts must not identify
authors or their affiliation. When citing own work, it must be done in a
neutral form (i.e., avoiding “our”, “we”, “previous work”, etc.). Papers must
be submitted in PDF format, formatted according to Springer LNCS style and must
not exceed 15 pages, including references, appendices and figures.

Important Dates

    July 27, 2022: Submission deadline
    August 21, 2022: Notification of acceptance
    September 4, 2022: Camera-ready deadline

Program Committee

    Brice Goglin, INRIA, France
    Jörg Nolte, BTU Cottbus, Germany
    Pierre Olivier, University of Manachster, United Kingdom
    Oliver Sinnen, University of Auckland, New Zealand
    Christian Terboven, RWTH Aachen University, Germany
    Josef Weidendorfer, Leibniz Supercomputing Centre, Germany

Workshop Organizers

    Jens Breitbart, Robert Bosch GmbH, Germany
    Carsten Clauss, ParTec AG, Germany
    Stefan Lankes, Institute for Automation of Complex Power Systems, E.ON
		   Energy Research Center, RWTH Aachen University, Germany

